stream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Galaxy.Id" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_13.png " group-title="Movies",Galaxy
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Galaxy-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Galaxy-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="GalaxyPremium.Id" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_12.png " group-title="Movies",Galaxy Premium
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/GalaxyPremium-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GalaxyPremium-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="WarnerTV.Id" tvg-logo="http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c2/Warner-azul.png " group-title="Movies",Warner TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/WarnerTV/sa_dash_vmx/WarnerTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Thrill.Id" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a0/Thrill_logo.jpg " group-title="Movies",Thrill
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Thrill/sa_dash_vmx/Thrill.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CelestialMovies.Id" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/celestial.png " group-title="Movies",Celestial Movies
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialMovie/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialMovie.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CelestialClassicMovie.Id" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_22.png " group-title="Movies",Celestial Classic Movies
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialClassic/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialClassic.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ZeeBioskop.Id" tvg-logo=" https://static.visionplus.id/images/channel/6b1a4597-db2.png" group-title="Movies",ZEE BIOSKOP
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ZeeBIOSKOP/sa_dash_vmx/ZeeBIOSKOP.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="tvNMovies.Id" tvg-logo="https://static.visionplus.id/images/channel/21b89a11-fdf.png " group-title="Movies",tvN Movies
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvNMovies/sa_dash_vmx/tvNMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HitsMovies.Id" tvg-logo=" https://movies.hitstv.com/assets/logo-HITSMOVIES.png" group-title="Movies",HITS Movies
https://av-live-cdb.mncnow.id/live/eds/HitsMovies/sa_dash_vmx/HitsMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CinemaWorld.Id" tvg-logo=" https://cms.cignal.tv/Upload/Images/CinemaWorld-Updated-Logo-2022.jpg" group-title="Movies",Cinema World
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaWorld/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaWorld.mpd

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="K +" tvg-logo="https://subsystem.indihome.co.id/cms-ih/assets/uploads/channel_list/UPLOAD-1613353381-.png" group-title="Movies",K+
http://210.210.155.35/session/dc04a98e-793d-11ed-991d-c81f66f89318/uq2663/h/h08/index.m3u8



#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MNCNews.Id" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_84.png " group-title="News",MNC News
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCnews-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCnews-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="IDXChannel.Id" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cb/IDX_Channel.png " group-title="News",IDX
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/IDX/sa_dash_vmx/IDX.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SEAToday.Id" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_336.png " group-title="News",SEA TODAY
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SEA-Channel/sa_dash_vmx/SEA-Channel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ChannelNewsAsia.Id" tvg-logo="https://searchvectorlogo.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/channel-news-asia-cna-logo-vector.png" group-title="News",Channel News Asia
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ChannelNewsAsia/sa_dash_vmx/ChannelNewsAsia.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="AlJazeeraEnglish.Id" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/f/f2/Aljazeera_eng.svg/1200px-Aljazeera_eng.svg.png " group-title="News",AL JAZEERA English
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlJazeeraInternational/sa_dash_vmx/AlJazeeraInternational.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="BBCWorldNews.Id" tvg-logo="https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/images/ic/480x270/p07kfh1t.jpg " group-title="News",BBC World
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCWorldNews/sa_dash_vmx/BBCWorldNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CNN.Id" tvg-logo="http://i2.cdn.turner.com/cnn/2017/images/08/16/cnni.logo_t1.jpg " group-title="News",CNN International
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNNInternational/sa_dash_vmx/CNNInternational.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="EuroNews.Id" tvg-logo="https://photos.live-tv-channels.org/tv-logo/fr-euronews-english-5525.jpg " group-title="News",EuroNews
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/EuroNews/sa_dash_vmx/EuroNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CNBC.Id" tvg-logo="https://www.interdependence.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/cnbc-asia-232x150.jpg " group-title="News",CNBC Asia
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNBC/sa_dash_vmx/CNBC.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="RTEnglish.Id" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a0/Russia-today-logo.svg/640px-Russia-today-logo.svg.png" group-title="News",RT English
https://av-luve-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTEnglish/sa_dash_vmx/RTEnglish.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="France24.Id" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/6/65/FRANCE_24_logo.svg/1200px-FRANCE_24_logo.svg.png " group-title="News",France 24
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/France24/sa_dash_vmx/France24.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="DW.Id" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/34/DW-TV_German_Logo.png " group-title="News",DW TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/DW/sa_dash_vmx/DW.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TRTWorld.Id" tvg-logo="https://photos.live-tv-channels.org/tv-logo/tr-trt-world-2715.jpg " group-title="News",TRT World
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TRTWorld/sa_dash_vmx/TRTWorld.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CGTN.Id" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/81/CGTN.svg/1200px-CGTN.svg.png " group-title="News",CGTN
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Bloomberg.Id" tvg-logo=" https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/991792042094354432/DG1Ruupb_400x400.jpg" group-title="News",Bloomberg
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Bloomberg/sa_dash_vmx/Bloomberg.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="FoxNewsChannel.Id" tvg-logo="https://logos-world.net/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/Fox-News-Channel-Emblem.png " group-title="News",FOX News
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxNews/sa_dash_vmx/FoxNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Arirang.Id" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/42/Arirang-TV-Logo.svg/1280px-Arirang-TV-Logo.svg.png " group-title="News",Arirang
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Arirang/sa_dash_vmx/Arirang.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Magna Channel " tvg-logo="https://www.metroglobe.id/assets/img/logo-white.png "group-title=" News",Metro Globe Network
https://edge.medcom.id/live-edge/smil:mgnch.smil/chunklist_w754412833_b3884000_sleng.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id=" BERITA SATU WORLD" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f1/BeritaSatuWorld.png " group-title="News", BERITA SATU WORLD
https://b1world.beritasatumedia.com/Beritasatu/B1World_1280x720.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="JAKARTA GLOBE NEWS" tvg-logo=" https://kreatifmedia.co/kreatifmedia/assets/images/koran-banner/jakarta-globe.png" group-title="News", JAKARTA GLOBE NEWS
https://b1english.beritasatumedia.com/Beritasatu/B1English_1280x720.m3u8


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MNCSports.Id" tvg-logo="https://www.abadikini.com/media/files/2020/03/L9C1rqTGVjCY5oWikh3t.png " group-title="Sports",MNC Sports
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MNCSports2.Id" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_98.png " group-title="Sports",MNC Sports 2
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports2-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MNCSports3.Id" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_99.png " group-title="Sports",MNC Sports 3
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports3-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports3-HD.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SPOTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/25/SPOTV_logo.svg/1200px-SPOTV_logo.svg.png " group-title="Sports",SPOTV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SPOTV2.Id" tvg-logo=" https://subsystem.indihome.co.id/cms-ih/assets/uploads/channel_list/UPLOAD-1641921495-.png" group-title="Sports",SPOTV 2
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV2-HD.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="FightSports.Id" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/150x150fightsport.jpg " group-title="Sports",Fight Sports
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FightSports/sa_dash_vmx/FightSports.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SoccerChannel.Id" tvg-logo="https://static.visionplus.id/images/channel/d740c649/a327.png " group-title="Sports",Soccer Channel
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/soccerchannel-HD/sa_dash_vmx/soccerchannel-HD.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Besmart.Id" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_112.png " group-title="Knowledge",Besmart
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeSmart/sa_dash_vmx/BeSmart.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="DiscoveryChannel.Id" tvg-logo="https://logos-world.net/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/Discovery-Channel-Logo.png " group-title="Knowledge",Discovery
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Discovery/sa_dash_vmx/Discovery.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="BBCEarth.Id" tvg-logo="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/ad/2e/57/ad2e57aa2d71eee1f79fb1b8fcb932da.png " group-title="Knowledge",BBC Earth
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCEarth-HD/sa_dash_vmx/BBCEarth-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="AnimalPlanet.Id" tvg-logo="https://static.visionplus.id/images/channel/8355c2f6-035.png " group-title="Knowledge",Animal Planet
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnimalPlanet/sa_dash_vmx/AnimalPlanet.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="NationalGeographic.Id" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/fc/Natgeologo.svg/2560px-Natgeologo.svg.png " group-title="Knowledge",Nat Geo Channel
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoChannel/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="NatGeoWild.Id" tvg-logo="https://www.seekpng.com/png/detail/458-4586619_logo-nat-geo-wild.png " group-title="Knowledge",Nat Geo Wild
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoWild/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoWild.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="History.Id" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_206.png " group-title="Knowledge",History
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/History/sa_dash_vmx/History.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CrimeInvestigation.Id" tvg-logo="https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/static.media.info/l/o/1/1435.1478043952.png " group-title="Knowledge",Crime Investigation
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CrimeInvestigation/sa_dash_vmx/CrimeInvestigation.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CGTNDocumentary.Id" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d6/CGTN_Documentary_logo.png " group-title="Knowledge",CGTN DOCUMENTARY
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN_Doc/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN_Doc.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="AsianFoodNetwork.Id" tvg-logo="https://asiatoday.id/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/PicsArt_07-27-03.08.43-750x355.png " group-title="Lifestyle",AFN
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AFN-HD/sa_dash_vmx/AFN-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HGTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a8/HGTV_2010.svg/640px-HGTV_2010.svg.png " group-title="Lifestyle",HGTV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HGTV/sa_dash_vmx/HGTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TLC.Id" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_248.jpg " group-title="Lifestyle",TLC
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TLC/sa_dash_vmx/TLC.mpd


#EXTINF:0 tvg-country="AR" tvg-logo=" https://www.dubaisports.ae/content/dam/dubaisports/logos/brand/dubaisports-logo.jpg" group-title="Sports",DUBAI SPORTS
https://dmitwlvvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaisportshd5/smil:dubaisportshd5.smil/index.m3u8


#EXTINF:0 tvg-country="AR" tvg-logo="https://www.elsafa-nwes.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/11/Abu-Dhabi-Sports-2.jpg " group-title="Sports",AD Sports 2
https://admdn5.cdn.mangomolo.com/adsports2/smil:adsports2.stream.smil/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:0 tvg-country="AR" tvg-logo=" https://dash.tvzinos.com/assets/images/channel/323783.jpg" group-title="Sports",C Deportivo
https://live.obslivestream.com/cdeportivo/index.m3u8


